# README #
This application is intended to streamline the behavior reporting process for both clients and staff. It is a database driven application that relies on the assumption that clients are assigned behaviors that they then report on. Behaviors are not shared between clients, and a report can only be made for one behavior at a time. 

# Why? #
Ostensibly, this backend is a fancy way to track timestamps on behavior reports. Since each report is timestamped, staff members can ensure that clients are actually following the program (and not just ignoring it until data needs to be collected). 

# How does it work? #
## Staff
Staff members are granted access by other staff members, starting with the default user. Staff members have full access to the system, including all client information, behaviors, and behavior reports.
Staff members must log in by using the hidden link /staff. This is hidden by design in order to avoid clients stumbling across the page (although it is not catastrophic if they do).  
Should a staff member need to be deactivated, this option has been provided. To maintain data integrity, their users will be moved to other staff members at the time of deletion (this is built in). It is important to note that this user will no longer have any access to the system. You cannot delete the last remaining user. 

### Exporting ###
Staff members have the right to export data for each client, as well as all the data in the system. The data is output as an Excel (.xlsx) spreadsheet for ease of access.

### Database Maintenance ###
To meet HIPAA requirements, no data is actually removed when it is "deleted;" it is only hidden. This means it does not display in the application, but will still show in reports that are run. The fact that it has been removed will be noted in these reports. 
Should the database need to be cleaned and all of this hidden data removed, the option has been provided. Staff members are able to run a database cleaner that will delete this hidden data, but a log will be inserted showing how much data was deleted at each maintenance. When another staff member is deleted, this information is also 

## Clients
Each staff member can create clients. Clients are given a password at the time of creation, as determined by the staff member (any complexity is acceptable). Once given their Client ID (as generated by the application) and this password, clients can now log in. 

# Technical Info #
## Encryption ##
Most information in the database is encrypted using 256-bit AES encryption, as is suggested by HIPAA. Encryption keys must be generated and placed in secrets.yml. It is highly suggested (and the default behavior) that different keys are used for each column that is to be encrypted. 

## Server ##
This is a Ruby on Rails app, specifically developed with Rails 4.1.6 and Ruby 2.1.0; it may support lower versions, but these haven't been tested. 
The database can be whatever type you wish, but the default is MySQL. If you wish to change the database, just modify database.yml to reflect your changes.